.\" man page for libexpbuf
.\" Contact dev@hyper-active.com.au to correct errors or omissions. 
.TH expbuf_string 3 "27 November 2008" "1.0" "libexpbuf - Library for a simple Expanding Buffer."
.SH NAME
expbuf_string \- Make sure that the data in the buffer is null terminated.  Usefull for printing strings.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <expbuf.h>
.sp
.B char * expbuf_string(expbuf_t *buf);
.br
.SH EXAMPLES
#include <expbuf.h>
.sp
int main(void) {
.br
	expbuf_t buffer;
.br
	char data[1024]];
.br
	int len, avail;
.sp
	expbuf_init(&buffer, 0);
.br
	len = read_data(data, 1024);
.br
	while (len >= 0) {
.br
		expbuf_add(&buffer, data, len);
.br
		printf("String received: %s\n", expbuf_string(&buffer));
.br
		expbuf_purge(&buffer, processed);
.br
		len = read_data(data);
.br
	}
.br
	expbuf_free(&buffer);
.br
	return(0);
.br
}
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B expbuf_string()
is used to null-terminate that data in the buffer.  It is usefull for printing the contents of the buffer.  This function 
will make sure there is enough space in the buffer for he null-termination, but does not increase the 'length' of the 
data.  It will return a char pointer that is really just the pointer to the data in the buffer.  That way the function 
can be included in a printf statement for example.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libexpbuf (3),
.BR expbuf_clear (3),
.BR expbuf_free (3),
.BR expbuf_init (3),
.BR expbuf_purge (3),
.BR expbuf_set (3),
.BR expbuf_shrink (3),
.BR expbuf_t (3)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time. 
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Clint Webb (webb.clint@gmail.com)
on behalf of Hyper-Active Systems, Australia.
.br
http://www.hyper-active.com.au/libexpbuf/
.fi
.SH HISTORY
Nov 27, 2008 \- Initially included in the v1.2 release.
