.\" man page for libexpbufpool
.\" Contact dev@hyper-active.com.au to correct errors or omissions. 
.TH libexpbuf 3 "27 January 2009" "1.0" "Library for a pool of Expanding Buffers."
.SH NAME
libexpbufpool \- library for a pool of expanding buffers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.\" Syntax goes here. 
.B #include <expbufpool.h>
.sp
.B void expbuf_pool_init(expbuf_pool_t *pool)
.br
.B void expbuf_pool_free(expbuf_pool_t *pool)
.br
.sp
compile with the 
.B -lexpbufpool
option
.SH EXAMPLES
#include <expbufpool.h>
.sp
EXAMPLE NEEDED
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B libexpbufpool
is a simple library for handling a pool of expbuf_t expanding buffers.  When dealing with a lot of data, expanding 
buffers are very useful, however, you dont want to have to allocate a new buffer for each operation, because that is 
expensive.  So instead you have a pool of buffers that are not in use.  When you want to use a buffer, you get one from 
the pool.  When you are finished with it, return it to the pool.
.br

.SH FILES
.P 
.I /usr/lib/libexpbufpool.so
.br
.I /usr/include/expbufpool.h
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR expbuf_add (3),
.BR expbuf_clear (3),
.BR expbuf_free (3),
.BR expbuf_init (3),
.BR expbuf_purge (3),
.BR expbuf_set (3),
.BR expbuf_shrink (3),
.BR expbuf_string (3),
.BR expbuf_t (3)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time. 
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Clint Webb (webb.clint@gmail.com)
on behalf of Hyper-Active Systems, Australia.
.br
http://www.hyper-active.com.au/libexpbufpool/
.fi
.SH HISTORY
Jan 27, 2009 \- Initial v1.0 release made public.
