.\" man page for libexpbuf
.\" Contact dev@rhokz.com to correct errors or omissions. 
.TH expbuf_init 3 "1 March 2011" "1.04" "libexpbuf - Library for a simple Expanding Buffer."
.SH NAME
expbuf_init \- Initialise the values in the buffer structure.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <expbuf.h>
.sp
expbuf_t * 
.B expbuf_init
(expbuf_t *buf, unsigned int size);
.br
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
#include <expbuf.h>

int main(void) {
	expbuf_t *buffer;
	char data[1024]];
	int len, avail, processed;
	buffer = expbuf_init(NULL, 0);
	len = read_data(data, 1024);
	while (len >= 0) {
		expbuf_add(buffer, data, len);
		processed = process_data(BUF_DATA(buffer), BUF_LENGTH(buffer));
		expbuf_purge(buffer, processed);
		len = read_data(data, 1024);
	}
	expbuf_free(buffer);
	buffer = NULL;
	return(0);
}

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B expbuf_init()
is used to initialise an expbuf_t structure.  If a pointer to an existing peice of memory is provided, it assumes that 
the contents of the existing structure are not valid, and merely sets all fields to default values.  If the buf parameter 
is NULL, then it will internally allocate memory for the expbuf_t structure and return it.  It will keep track of the fact 
that it was created internally, and will be deallocated when 
.BR exbpbuf_free() 
is called on it.   You should not free the memory for the object if the libexpbuf library created it.
.sp The
.I size
field is used to pre-allocate some memory to the buffer.  
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libexpbuf (3),
.BR expbuf_add (3),
.BR expbuf_clear (3),
.BR expbuf_free (3),
.BR expbuf_purge (3),
.BR expbuf_set (3),
.BR expbuf_shrink (3),
.BR expbuf_string (3),
.BR expbuf_t (3)
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Clint Webb (webb.clint@gmail.com)
.br
http://www.github.com/clintwebb/libexpbuf/
.fi
