.\" man page for libexpbuf
.\" Contact dev@rhokz.com to correct errors or omissions. 
.TH expbuf_string 3 "1 March 2011" "1.04" "libexpbuf - Library for a simple Expanding Buffer."
.SH NAME
expbuf_string \- Output the data in the buffer as a null-terminated string.  Usefull for printing strings.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <expbuf.h>
.sp
char * 
.B expbuf_string
(expbuf_t *buf);
.br
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
#include <expbuf.h>

int main(void) {
	expbuf_t *buffer;
	char data[1024]];
	int len, avail;

	buffer = expbuf_init(NULL, 0);
	len = read_data(data, 1024);
	while (len >= 0) {
		expbuf_add(buffer, data, len);
		printf("String received: %s\n", expbuf_string(buffer));
		expbuf_purge(buffer, len);
		len = read_data(data, 1024);
	}
	buffer = expbuf_free(buffer);
	return(0);
}
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B expbuf_string()
is used to null-terminate that data in the buffer.  It is usefull for printing the contents of the buffer.  This function 
will make sure there is enough space in the buffer for he null-termination, but does not increase the 'length' of the 
data.  It will return a char pointer that is really just the pointer to the data in the buffer.  That way the function 
can be included in a printf statement for example.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libexpbuf (3),
.BR expbuf_clear (3),
.BR expbuf_free (3),
.BR expbuf_init (3),
.BR expbuf_purge (3),
.BR expbuf_set (3),
.BR expbuf_shrink (3),
.BR expbuf_t (3)
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Clint Webb (webb.clint@gmail.com)
.br
https://www.github.com/clintwebb/libexpbuf/
.fi
